Mom, you only love me,
Even if the property of the house is not bad, it is my mother.
It’s not just that they are all there in advance,
What's not allowed?
But being my mother, there’s nothing you can’t do.
Just because I've been listening, listening, listening, listening, listening, listening, listening, listening
Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen
Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen listen
I'm going to give in to you soon
We're just waiting for Brother Ku to call us mother, Xiaoxiao is so handsome.
I had breakfast
That looks good
So what are you really like?
don't get up again
my note note note